# denver2025
Talented : A recruiter dashboard for hiring candidates powered by AI driven matching of skills and experience, and online assessment, smart-contract based decentralised storage on blockchain, and token minting and on-chain sending functionalities 
We have built a talent recruitment platform with multiple innovative features for both recruiters and job-seekers: 
Recruiters will have features for Creation of Job listing, express desired skills and characteristics to enable later access to LLM/ Agent to assess and review candidates, publication of jobs to a publicly shareable url.
Teams have ability to mint/create ERC20 tokens for new company ( rootstock),send tokens to applicants (rootstock), ability to see dashboard to view applicants submissions, review, compare, score candidates, accept reject or shortlist candidates, and send them some airdrop tokens. Applicant data is securely stored on a blockchain. We deployed a smart contract for this.
Applicants have features for connecting wallet (reown), database enabled by smart contract to store time of submission &  time reviewed by assessor, and can in future access AI features to build resumes from scratch. 
We attempted Ethereum attestation service with schema for submitted data, but ran into some issues. 
In future versions, we would also add for authentication, a self-recorded in-browser video and upload function, followed by an AI agent to conduct a live video interview powered by Claude 3.7 sonnet and elevenlabs text to speech feature, and have the Ai agent review and assign a weighted score to candidates. We will add push notifications (maybe EPNS) to inform the candidate about the application status and progress, and a webchat functionality for recruiters to communicate with candidates directly on this platform. We will store all data on filecoin/IPFS. We will also integrate Ethereum attestation service to record the successful submission, time of submission, time reviewed, and the result (accepted/rejected).   
Tools used : remix, Solidity, Typescript.
Back-end technologies : Nodejs, Rootstock, Glittr.
